hello to everyone now I want to show you
to you the bag that we bought in annecy
fourth class as I said
Past videos that I want a bag in Odessa
with a pen so that she could not only
back wear but also carry as a suitcase and
I bought this bag
Lord show it cost 3999
in purple this is not the mark and for
girls and boys color fits and
here are butterflies in it violent bits
butterflies are all butterflies
good many pockets
this then forman all kinds of locks one hand
here it is , they have such notebooks of folders
This is all a lot and such a portfolio
which swells up unsteadily not seen
well in the form and she was so hard
Kostkina Kitty to class 1, and it 1 2 3
flowed with him passed but he is for grade 1
still goes and then small and there
nothing comes in here
Here is the first branch of the largest
there is this branch apart from this
here you can put
drinking there something a horse with this
parties in exactly the same way here still
here you see this lock
still a small pocket
here it opens here completely
completely like this it opens and
from here something could be here of course
also put it at all to the back here it is
closed maybe answer
and here they can wear it on your back so
comfortable it's all regulated here a
wheels because it functions like
in the form of a suitcase I rode on wheels and
here it is a pen
push here so easily in Asia such here
I think I do not know for how long is enough in general
on a look and just as well she
clicked on this button and here
here goes a woman learns warehouse
need a little power of the 1st tried us
she has enough strength every time but I think
just need her to sell her
several times back and forth pressed her
well it came to strand also here
clicked and she came out here this pen
In general, I have long wanted you the same
a child's bag but in general here
so here
bag bought now need to prepare for
School had not had time to finish
to finish
Grade 3 after 4 weeks starts 4
class bag there now I showed
list need list through list all
buy early a little bit because in
mid to mid september school with 16
September in my and of course closer already
there will be there already in stores not
push over
nothing so that is necessary because
This is Marina. Everything to buy.
so all the best of all